well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to uh
talk about something that's going to
sound really familiar but it's not
last month we discussed how scientific
american broke with
i don't know almost 200 years of
tradition and endorsed
a political candidate when they endorsed
joe biden
yesterday the new england journal of
medicine
which is a pretty prestigious
medical journal didn't endorse a
candidate
but they had some things to say and this
is a
this is a journal that is notoriously
apolitical
when it comes to the response to the
largest public health crisis of our time
our current political leaders have
demonstrated that they are dangerously
incompetent we should not
abet them and enable the deaths
of thousands more americans by allowing
them
to keep their jobs
the response of our nation's leaders has
been
consistently inadequate
this crisis has produced a test of
leadership
here in the united states our leaders
have failed that test
they have taken a crisis and turned it
into a tragedy
goes on those are some select quotes
it also talks about how our testing
is below that of kazakhstan zimbabwe and
ethiopia
it's pretty pointed it is pretty pointed
it talks about how some governors did
all right some didn't
and that that didn't have anything to do
with party
it also talks about how many politicians
politicized
the use of masks
at the end of the day
this is again it's not an endorsement of
biden
it's kind of just saying that trump
needs to lose which is a sentiment i can
get behind
the trump campaign likes to tout their
endorsements
from law enforcement
a big deal to them i want to point out
that our actual problems here in the
united states
relate to health and science
we don't actually have a giant crime
wave sweeping the country
we do have a public health crisis we do
have
issues that require scientific expertise
i don't
see a lot of respected scientific
or medical people endorsing the
president
in fact i see the exact opposite
they're saying he needs to go
rather than just continuing
to ignore the people who may know what
they're talking about
we might want to heed their advice we
might want to heed their advice
in case i didn't mention it uh
the new england journal of medicine
they don't endorse candidates either
but this situation is so bad
that they felt they needed to speak up
and it was signed by 35
of their editors
it's a pretty stunning rebuke of the
handling
of this issue in this country and it's
something we should probably pay
attention to
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day